https://codepen.io/Randyo28/pen/RwGebvK



    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML are tags that have meaning to them such as Header, Nav, H1-H6, P, Section, Footer. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is a markup language that is used to make up a website, it's what we see on a webpage. It can be styled with Cascading style sheets.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
            An attribute is extra information about an element such as "href" is the extra information for an "a" tag. It is inserted before the closing of the first tag such as "<a href=""></a>".

   4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        An h1 tag is used for the most important header of a page which can be the title of a Company, article, etc. It should only be used once on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img and a tags both have required attribute tags.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        On the head of our HTML document should include Title, link refs for style, and other meta data.

    7. What is an id? 
        An id is a unique id used in HTML that should be used only once.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        It's best practice to only use the same id once.

    10. What is a class? 
         Class is used to give elements a given name to manipulate it. An example would be giving a h2 and p tags the same class name to change them to same color. Without the same class name I wouldn't be specific and would need more code to manipulate.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
            Any.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
            As many as you need.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
            By using the target attribute target="_blank".
        
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
            It's so that bots can read it to screen readers and for when images aren't loaded it would have the name.

    15. How do I reference an id?
            By using "id="Example".

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
            A section is a Semantic tag to indicate that it's a section of the webpage. A div is non-Semantic tag which doesn't have a meaning.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
            Cascading style sheet also known as CSS is used to style a HTML page to give it a unique style. Without CSS webpages would only have text starting from the left and have no margins, padding,or color added.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
            We would select an h2 element by using "h2{}" on our CSS and including the changes inside the bracket and indenting the bracket.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
            The difference between a class and Id is that the same class can be given to multiple elements and Id can only be given once to an element. An example is giving a ul tag an id name of "ulList" to give it a unique name and within the ul I can have li tags with the class names of "listItems" so that they can all have the same styles.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
            We would select classes in CSS by using ".example{}". First is a period followed by className and then brackets.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            p.human{

            }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
            Parent child selector is targeting a child element within a parent element for example a p tag inside a section tag and to select this in CSS I would say "Section p{}".

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            div.sidebar{

            }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
            Pseudo selector is states that would do special effects such as :hover and :active.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
            We would use line-height in our CSS to change spacing between lines. 

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            *{
                letter-spacing: 1; 
            }
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            In our CSS we would use * selector to target everything and use text-transform: Uppercase.
            The same for lowercase and Capitalize, it would be text-transform: lowercase and text-transform: Capitalize.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            div{
                border: 1px dotted;
            }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
            To select everything on a page 

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
            Can use /* Comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
            We can use pwd.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
            Using the ls command.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
            rm- filename.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
            It keeps a history of all the changes that are made in a project and can always go back to. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
            Commits should be done every 20 minutes when working on a project.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
            git push -u origin branchName.

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
            1. Fork over lambda's Project to make it our own in our remote repo.
            2. Hit the code button and grab the https to make a clone.
            3. On the terminal we go to the directory where we want to add the project and use git clone "url" to have a local copy of the repo.
            4. Make a new Branch with our name "git checkout -b firstName-lastName".
            5. Do the assignment, use "git add ." to stage the commit, then use "git commit -m "Meaniful Commit" ".
            6. Once we are done we would use "git push -u origin branchName" to push up our local branch to our github(remote) repo.
            7. On github go back to our forked lambda project with our name and change the master branch to our pushed branch which is our firstname lastname.
            8. Click on pull request, change the base repo to our forked repo to compare against our firstName lastName branch that was pushed.
            9. It should then say "Able to merge" in green and copy and paste the url to our Canvas submission.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 